### Welcome to my GitHub Profile! 👋

- 🔭 My next project is my dad's business website for Miller's Taxidermy. He's had the business for 25 years and needs an update from the weebly template website           he's been using. Now that I am a full stack developer, I've decided to give him an upgrade that really demonstrates the quality of his work. I'll be using the MERN       stack to give a fresh clean look that emphasizes the quality of his work. 
- 🌱 I’m currently studying data structures and algorithms. I'm working on algorithms daily using HackerRank learning more and more about the built in language functions   at my disposal. Solving algorithms is probably my favorite thing about coding because of the challenge and the fact that each problem I try to solve can be solved in     more than one way. I'm trying to better my understanding of the tools I have available to solve these algorithms so I've also been studying data structures from the     book Cracking the Coding Interview. 
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with finding a career at the moment. If you have any advice for me I'd be happy to hear it. I'm looking for my first job as a software engineer   and am super exicted to get to work! 
- 📫 How to reach me:
  jakemiller.bc@gmail.com ,
  https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakemiller87
- ⚡ Fun fact: I am now a software engineer because of a bachelor party. A little over a year ago I was at a low point in life because my career path was headed down the   drain of hopes and dreams and I was unsure of a new direction to pursue. And then, going to a weekend bachelor party on the Lake of the Ozarks with 12 guys, magic       happened! A late night conversation drinking Busch latte and smoking cigars turned into a conversation about my future. Two of the guys there were software engineers     and convinced me that coding was my way out of that drain and into a better life. The cement in the deal was when one, Brian, said that I was too smart to be doing       maintenance in a county prison. Sometimes compliments like that unlock the vault you have been keeping your life in. And now, here I am a year later a full stack         developer in three different stacks. 

